683 data loss during remount (#696)
qoollo/bob: CHANGELOG.md

#### Changed
- Log message about the lack of connection to graphite became more understandable (#684)
- Hostname resolving in background tasks (#529)

> - Removed holder creation from post-processing (#701)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed broken logic of holder creation from group::run function (#701)
```

#### Fixed

> - Data access operations will be locked during remount (#683)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data access operations will be protected during remount to prevent data loss (#683)
```
